# EC327FinalProject
LastRow
Kyla Wilson, Arianna Rodriguez
kylaw@bu.edu, arirod@bu.edu

Our program will prompt users for the number of assignments they have over the course of the semester and store a schedule with the name and number of assignments as well as other inputted information. The program will store this information locally for the user to reference throughout the duration of the program. The assignments will be displayed in an easily-digestible format to the user and display the following information: assignment number, days until the assignmnet is due, due date, class due for, and assignment type. Once the user has completed an assignment, they will be able to mark it as completed and the assignment can then deleted from the database.

The project is made up of three main components; these being the code, the user interface, and the database which stores the information which has been provided by the user. The code was divded into 7 files, with one containing the main function, and three which are the Assignment, Date, and OrganizeLife files. Each filename has both a header and a cpp file. The first file is the Assignment.cpp which contains the constructors and destructors for the assignment class as well as a series of member functions which will calculate priority, mark the assignment as complete, and return information about the assignmnet such as if it is complete and when the due date is. The following file is the Date.cpp which includes the constructor, destructor, and overloaded operators for the Date class. The following file is the Organizelife.cpp file which first takes the assignments and creates objects for them and stores them in an array so that they may be accessed by the main file. Integrated within our code is also error cathcing in order to make sure that the due date is after the date on which the user is inputing the information. The final file is the main.cpp which will get and display the current data, from here it will prompt the user for the number of assignments and the related data as mentioned previosly. From here the code will store this information into a database. This step is necessary so that the user can access their schedule of assignments at any moment without having to input the lists of assignmnets again and so that they can add additional assignment as the semester progresses. After the information is in the database, the code will clearly displayed all of the stored values and assignments. 

PASTE YOUTUBE LINK
